DOCSP-16519 Generated SDK Object Models Guide (#1282)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sync/generate-sdk-object-models.txt

.. _generate-sdk-object-models:

==========================
Generate SDK Object Models
==========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

> MongoDB Realm can automatically translate your Realm data schemas to a Realm object model that will

Author: ```suggestion
MongoDB Realm can automatically translate your server-side document schemas to a Realm object model that will
```

> work with your SDK of choice. Generate the object models using either the Realm UI or CLI.

Reviewer: nits:
- Realm data schemas -> server-side document schemas
- _You can_ generate the object models...

> work with your SDK of choice. Generate the object models using either the Realm UI or CLI.

Author: ```suggestion
work with your SDK of choice. You can generate the object models using either the Realm UI or CLI.
```
